Added more mentions about clearing persistence cache (#3174)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/infrastructure_and_maintenance/cache/persistence_cache.md

### Clearing persistence cache

!!! caution "Always clear the persistence with `cache:pool:clear` command"

>     Running `php bin/console cache:clear` doesn't clear the persistence cache, even when using a filesystem-based cache pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Running `php bin/console cache:clear` doesn't clear the persistence cache, even when you use a filesystem-based cache pool.
```
